{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Travel Guide to USA\
Your virtual travel companion\
Get your own personalized travel guide at path2usa.com\
\
\
Complete Travel Tips\
Helpful airline information, baggage rules and procedures\
\
Sample Immigration & Customs forms\
Sample immigration, customs and I-94 forms\
\
US Immigration Process\
Process of Immigration and entry to USA clearly explained\
\
\
\
Disclaimer. This document and its content are for information purpose only. Path2usa.com inc, does not guarantee accuracy of information presented in this document\
\
\
\
\
Complete Travel Protection For a Worry-Free\
Trip To USA\
www.VisitorCoverage.com | 1.866.384.9104\
\
*Visitorcoverage.com is an online operating division of Main Insurance Service Providing Insurance agency service. Agency\'92s California License #0F17045. VisitorCoverage.com or Man Insurance service is not an Insurance company. Insurance plans represented at VisitorsCoverage.com are subject to qualifying terms and conditions as set by the carrier and policy document\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Last Name\
Phone \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Get Accelerated Quote\
For Bulk Inquires or Components, not in our dropdown, please list your items here to get an accelerated offer. Most Requests are fulfilled within 5 HRS\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Lagi lagi imajinasi menertawakanku karena selalu berhasil menemuimu. Sementara realitas? Dalam realitas kita berdua hanyala dua orang yang berlari. Aku sibs mengejarmu, kau sibuk menghindariku.\
\
\
\
Once you are in the flight, look for the seat number mentioned on your boarding pass.If there\'92s any problem, contact the cabin crew. They will also help you place the baggage in the overhead bins. Read the safety instruction booklet in the plane you will be served food, snacks, drinks etch. Form time to time. Your will be given a blanket and a pillow\
\
\
\
In case of any problem during your flight, do not hesitate to ask the staff\
\
At intermediate Airport\
As soon as you reach the intermediate/transit airport, first thing you must do is to look for the terminal and Gate number of your next flight All airpots usually have good maps and directions. In case of any problems, ask the airport staff.\
\
Once you find the gate, then depending on the time you have, you can relax or shop at the airport. BUT \'97 be at your gate 40 minutes prior to the flight time as they require some time to check your tickets etc. You won\'92t have to do any other formalities here, apart from passing through the metal detector and X-ray of your hand baggage.\
\
\
TIP: in case you have to change the terminal, then first find out information about the connecting airport shuttle to the respective terminal. It is always advisable to find out such information before  hand while booking your ticket, as in some countries, you may need a Transit Visa to leave on airport to go to the other one.\
\
Before you reach USA\
Few hours before arrival, the flight attendants will give you US customs form. Fill it very carefully. If you have questions while filling the form. Do not hesitate to ask any co-passanger for help\
\
\
\
\
\
Worry-Free Shopping \
SellGPU is here For You!\
\
Money Back Guarantee \
Worry-f\
\
\
\
\
}